Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this tutorial, we are going to be covering some convergence and we are going to see two kind
of convergence in this tutorial.
The first one is going to be from number to string in which we will see how to convert a number to a
string and then we will see the price for us all that which will be converting a string to number.
Now, Ruby provides that to underscore I and the two underscore F methods to convert a string to numbers.
Now to underscore aykan words and string to an integer and the two underscore efkan words a string to
offload.
No, whereas if you talk about the others, that is string to numbers or the number of the strings.
Then the ruby provides the two underscore s method to convert the number into a string.
So how that is going to be practically done.
Let's just cover some examples so I will move on to the atom.
Now, here we are.
Now, the first thing we are going to be covering is how to convert a string to a number now to convert
a string to a number.
I told you that we used that to underscore Ayanda, to underscore aph methods.
So, for example, we have, let's say, a string.
That is, let's say, five, and we want to convert it into an integer, so we are going to try to do
that to underscore and that is what is going to convert this number to an integer.
So, for example, just.
Right in a variable exhale.
Make it equal to five and then what I do is that I write an X dot, do I and I will write in here.
Boats.
Dot class.
And.
Down here, I would just again ride in boats x dot glass, so here I would dive in boats.
Class of X is.
And here I will again type in a glass of X.
After.
Convergence is and I will just encourage these.
I haven't caught these as well.
A call and then what I will do also is that I will in court this double quotation marks so that X equals
to five and five is basically a string.
And I guess one thing I need to do more here is that I have to, I guess, just remove this from here.
And I have to use that to underscore my method and class.
Right to help.
And I will tell you the reason after I run this code.
So I run the score and you can see that it's this class of X is string before that and after the conversion,
the class of X after this to underscore is applied on this X..
We have this integer will help.
Now why did I use it all here?
And not that that was because X is an integer that contains a value.
Converting that number into a class is basically going to convert that, but only for that single line.
Nordoff did that, for example, if I just press control that multiple times.
I have converted to I I run this code and as you can see that it is the class of X after conversion
is still string because it is considering this X equal to five, because it will not convert it like
that.
If you want to convert it, you have to use it in the same line as I did.
That was to underscore I last remove it from here, run this code and for that very line where you have
converted it, when you use person that it is going to tell you that the class of X after the conversion
is basically an integer.
So that's why you can not use it at the top.
You have to use it right here in this line.
Now, if you want to convert this X to offload, no, you have to just write an F around this code.
And as you can see, that it's discloser effects after conversion is flawed.
Now, if you want to convert a number into a string, then what do you have to do is that you have to
just remove these from here.
And you have to use that to underscore s dot gloss over here, run the score and it says the class of
X is first integer and after the conversion, the glass is basically string.
And that's how basically you can just convert a string to a no and a no to a string.
So I guess that's it.
What this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.